Update max content width options (#9913)
filamentphp/filament: packages/panels/docs/09-configuration.md

## Customizing the maximum content width

> By default, Filament will restrict the width of the content on the page, so it doesn't become too wide on large screens. To change this, you may override the `getMaxContentWidth()` method. Options correspond to [Tailwind's max-width scale](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/max-width). The options are `ExtraSmall`, `Small`, `Medium`, `Large`, `ExtraLarge`, `TwoExtraLarge`, `ThreeExtraLarge`, `FourExtraLarge`, `FiveExtraLarge`, `SixExtraLarge`, `SevenExtraLarge`, `Full`, `MinContent`, `MaxContent`, `FitContent`,  `Prose`, `ScreenSmall`, `ScreenMedium`, `ScreenLarge`, `ScreenExtraLarge` and `ScreenTwoExtraLarge`. The default is `SevenExtraLarge`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Filament will restrict the width of the content on the page, so it doesn't become too wide on large screens. To change this, you may use the `maxContentWidth()` method. Options correspond to [Tailwind's max-width scale](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/max-width). The options are `ExtraSmall`, `Small`, `Medium`, `Large`, `ExtraLarge`, `TwoExtraLarge`, `ThreeExtraLarge`, `FourExtraLarge`, `FiveExtraLarge`, `SixExtraLarge`, `SevenExtraLarge`, `Full`, `MinContent`, `MaxContent`, `FitContent`,  `Prose`, `ScreenSmall`, `ScreenMedium`, `ScreenLarge`, `ScreenExtraLarge` and `ScreenTwoExtraLarge`. The default is `SevenExtraLarge`:
```
